Suggest the design engine for default templates (#856)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/content_rendering.md

    ezplatform.default_view_templates.content.full: "content/view/full.html.twig"
```

> Alternatively, the design engine can be used for this. If your theme is `site`, create `themes/site/default/content/{viewType}.html.twig` to use it instead of the core one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can do it using the design engine. For example, if your theme is `site`,
create `themes/site/default/content/<viewType>.html.twig` to override the core template.
```
